New instrument: HP8657B RF signal generator (#732)
pymeasure/pymeasure: docs/api/instruments/hp/hp8657B.rst

*Note:*
    * This instrument does not support reading back values, as it is a listen-only GPIB device
    

>     * Other instruments of this family could be implemented using the dymaic ranges feature
>     
>     * Optorional pulse modulation feature is not support yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Other instruments of this family could be implemented using the dynamic ranges feature.
    
    * Optorional pulse modulation feature is not supported yet.
```
What does "Optorional" mean?
